docs: Revamp prebuilt evals (#690)
langchain-ai/langsmith-docs: docs/evaluation/how_to_guides/prebuilt_evaluators.mdx

import {
  CodeTabs,
  python,
  typescript,
} from "@site/src/components/InstructionsWithCode";

# How to use prebuilt evaluators

:::tip

> For the older version of this page, see [here](./use_langchain_off_the_shelf_evaluators_old).

Reviewer: I'd remove this entirely. Anecdotally, havent heard that people use these. 

We should have one first class way of providing pre-built evaluators and I think referencing the old page here is confusing the story.

Author: Cool sounds good

:::

LangSmith integrates with the open-source [`openevals`](https://github.com/langchain-ai/openevals) and [`agentevals`](https://github.com/langchain-ai/agentevals) packages
to provide a suite of prebuilt, readymade evaluators that you can use right away as starting points for evaluation.

:::note
This how-to guide will demonstrate how to set up and run one type of evaluator (LLM-as-a-judge), but there are many others available.
See the [openevals](https://github.com/langchain-ai/openevals) and [agentevals](https://github.com/langchain-ai/agentevals) repos for a complete list with usage examples.
:::

## Setup

> You'll need to install the `openevals` and `agentevals` packages to use these evaluators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll need to install the `openevals` package to use the pre-built LLM-as-a-judge evaluator.
```

<CodeTabs
  tabs={[
    {
      value: "python",
      label: "Python",
      language: "bash",
      content: `pip install -U openevals`,
    },
    {
      value: "typescript",
      label: "TypeScript",
      language: "bash",
      content: `yarn add openevals @langchain/core`,
    },
  ]}
  groupId="client-language"
/>

You'll also need to set your OpenAI API key as an environment variable, though you can choose different providers too:

```bash
export OPENAI_API_KEY="your_openai_api_key"
```

We'll also use LangSmith's [pytest](./pytest) integration for Python and [Vitest/Jest](./vitest_jest) for TypeScript to run our evals.

> `openevals` and `agentevals` also integrate seamlessly with the [`evaluate`](https://docs.smith.langchain.com/reference/python/evaluation/langsmith.evaluation._runner.evaluate) method as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`openevals` also integrates seamlessly with the [`evaluate`](https://docs.smith.langchain.com/reference/python/evaluation/langsmith.evaluation._runner.evaluate) method as well.
```

See the [appropriate guides](/evaluation/how_to_guides#testing-integrations) for setup instructions.

## Running an evaluator

> The general flow is simple: import the evaluator or factory function from `openevals` or `agentevals` as appropriate, then run it within your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The general flow is simple: import the evaluator or factory function from `openevals` as appropriate, then run it within your
```

    )
    `,
    typescript`
import * as ls from "langsmith/vitest";
// import * as ls from "langsmith/jest";

import { createLLMAsJudge, CORRECTNESS_PROMPT } from "openevals";

const correctnessEvaluator = createLLMAsJudge({
  prompt: CORRECTNESS_PROMPT,
  feedbackKey: "correctness",
  model: "openai:o3-mini",
});

// Mock standin for your application
const myLLMApp = async (_inputs: Record<string, unknown>) => {
  return "Doodads have increased in price by 10% in the past year.";
}

ls.describe("Correctness", () => {
  ls.test("incorrect answer", {
    inputs: {
      question: "How much has the price of doodads changed in the past year?"
    },
    referenceOutputs: {
      answer: "The price of doodads has decreased by 50% in the past year."
    }
  }, async ({ inputs, referenceOutputs }) => {
    const outputs = await myLLMApp(inputs);
    ls.logOutputs({ answer: outputs });

    await correctnessEvaluator({
      inputs,
      outputs,
      referenceOutputs,
    });
  });
});
    `,
  ]}
/>

The `feedback_key`/`feedbackKey` parameter will be used as the name of the feedback in your experiment.

Running the eval in your terminal will result in something like the following:

> <img src="./static/prebuilt_eval_result.png" alt="Prebuilt evaluator terminal result" />

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/72b8df01-8faf-42e6-a600-710bbced409d)
Broken image
